# Microgame2

For this challenge, I decided to focus more on the "space factory" theme with the inclusion of lights, sfx, music, and a new skybox. I used both a point light as well as a spot light for the project. The point light surrounds the main turret of the game with a red hue. This gives the enemy an aura of danger in comparison from his smaller suborinates. The spot light is located above the podium where a jetpack is placed. It gives importance to this item while also directly giving the player a cue to pick it up. I made sure it was bright enough to see it once the player entered the room, but not enough to be blinding. The sfx I added were with 3 aspects of the game; the alert of the small hoverbots, the alert of the turret, and the pickup sound of health packs. I wanted to add sfx for the player character, but the audio wouldn't work, no matter what I did. The small hoverbots got a small, but sharp alert to indicate immdiate danger while the turret was given a deeper sound to show off it's presence and to warn the player of the big battle ahead. The pickup was changed to a "ding" to make it sound more like a coin, something the player wants to collect. Implementing sfx weren't too difficult, but I still need some work in regards in adding sfx for hitting objects, as I wanted to add a "thunk" to shooting a barrel. The music was just a fun choice I made, as it was suprisingly good for a free source and it fit the themeing I was going for (I might need to lower the volume, though.) The skybox was changed to be a dark starry night just to keep the whole "darker" aspect of the game consistent (especially if roofs and windows get included. The music and sfx came from Freesound.Org while the skybox came from the Asset store. Overall, I'm proud of my work, but I would like to add more sfx down the line.
